gh-116127: PEP-705: Add `ReadOnly` support for `TypedDict` (#116350)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

.. data:: ReadOnly

>    See :pep:`705`. Indicates that a :class:`TypedDict` item may not be modified.

Reviewer: This documentation should be a bit more detailed and not just refer to the PEP, as the CPython documentation should stand on its own. The typing-extensions docs can refer to just the PEP for experimental features, but not CPython.

I would start with copying over the docstring here and see if we need anything else.

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

.. data:: ReadOnly

>    A special typing construct to mark an item of a TypedDict as read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A special typing construct to mark an item of a :class:`TypedDict` as read-only.
```

         ``__required_keys__`` and ``__optional_keys__`` rely on may not work
         properly, and the values of the attributes may be incorrect.

>    Support of :pep:`705` is reflected in the following attributes::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Support for :data:`ReadOnly` is reflected in the following attributes::
```

         ``__required_keys__`` and ``__optional_keys__`` rely on may not work
         properly, and the values of the attributes may be incorrect.

>    Support of :data:`ReadOnly` is reflected in the following attributes::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Support for :data:`ReadOnly` is reflected in the following attributes::
```
